---
layout: post
title: "M"
date: 2013-04-02 16:29
comments: true
categories: 
---

Jurgen Appelo has been noted as one of the most influential people in Agile. Now I feel strange that I don't know who he is. He starts with a discussion of the stat that over 50% of Americans hate their jobs. Not surprising. Also not surprising that most of these people don't do anything about it because they feel this is a universal feeling.

Let's make things worse: 70% of management strategies fail. Six Sigma, TQM, TOM, and others make use of the "team" metaphor in organizing employees - and likewise fail. [Donaghy six sigma black belt] Likewise, the "community" metaphor produces similar strategies and similarly fails.

These ideas aren't bad. Smart people are behind them, but the implementation is often wrong. The correct solution, which I probably should have seen coming, is Agile. But which Agile implementation is the right one? 

Design thinking involves the interplay between viability, desirability, and feasibility. 

Barriers to Agile Adoption
ability to change organizational culture
avail of people with the right skills
general resistance to change
management support
project complexity
confidence in ability to scale
customer collaboration
perceived time to transition

Paraphrased from Peter Drucker: Management is about human beings. Management is a critical, determining factor of organization. Its task is to make people capable of joint performance.

Practices
- Align constraints
- develop competence
- grow structure
- improve everything
- energize people
- empower teams

If you have difficulty with something, make it visual. For example, if you have a problem with work flow, put your work flow up as an information radiator. 

As usual the examples rapidly drop into the super-cheesy. But I liked a few of the anecdotes. Artifacts are important, team stories are important. 

So, to improve our agility do we need to get super-cheesy? Maybe we do.

_______
Other thoughts -

It's interesting to me that some people come to this conference and just "do the tracks." I met someone today at breakfast who, when I asked her what she was thinking of attending first, told me "I'm doing the management track." Say what? 
